foreign
era of digital Fest collaboration our
mission of the company is to empower
teams to create the next big thing feels
like you're in the same room near the
Whiteboard together
we want Mira to be an extension of your
brain if you have a blank canvas you can
solve any problem you should be able to
dump everything in and then work through
it with new teams we have 25 million
people using our platform across the
world Zoom allows you to see the body
language to hear each other but Mira
allows you to understand each other
I was in the office with 200 people
before pandemic and now we're 1100
people we understand that this is a long
journey it will take us next several
years to build platforms that we're
envisioning
hello everyone great to be here at stage
of zoster thank you for joining our
session this is Matt Jacobson iconic
gross and my name is Andrei fusid CEO at
Mira yeah you may think that Matt will
interview myself today but we plan to do
opposite so maybe I'll kick it off with
you Matt so I'd like to learn from you
how you make decisions in terms of
Investments like what companies you pick
up and why you led our serious be
serious C it was a huge pleasure to
partner with you but I'm curious in
general how you pick up companies I
thought I was interviewing you but uh
you know it's it's very easy we just
look for companies like uh like Miro no
we you know focus on you know teams
first and so you know we work with many
product obsessed uh Founders that we we
like that people who have kind of a deep
passion for or a problem they're solving
real Clarity of thought in terms of what
they're bringing to the table and the
ability to hire you know really strong
early team we spend a lot of time
looking at you know Market either you're
creating the wave or riding the wave but
the wave is is really important most
companies don't you know find a massive
Market that's unexplored right away but
they usually win in a niche but that
Niche you know maybe like sneakily large
or it might be strategic High Ground to
uh to something larger as they continue
to expand out and that kind of goes to
the third point which is we're investing
at the at the growth stage today and so
really focused on you know companies
that that have momentum in terms of you
know really effusive customer feedback
uh and you know just a history of
building you know great products when we
look across our portfolio of 120
companies you're probably 70 80 percent
of those in software product velocity uh
Miro being a perfect example of that is
uh one of the defining characteristic of
success and so it's it's hard to kind of
quantify that but we look at a lot of
you know qualitative and quantitative
measures in terms of you know how
quickly the products uh moving is a key
milestone in terms of that momentum so
those are the three things that uh that
we would capture in terms of what we're
looking at but uh you know I'm excited
to
um to dive in and kind of ask you a
question that we'll open it up to uh to
q a with love uh questions from the
audience but uh you know much more than
revenue or valuation or big headline
things that people get excited about uh
you know you measure the company's
success in terms of kind of customer
love and actually like user love
um as like the defining characteristic
right now you've got I think 35 million
uh you know total users and still
growing in a very fast clip uh certainly
you're doing something right but how do
you nail the user experience across such
a horizontal group of uh of people yeah
it's a great question so happy to share
our experience like from the very again
we were focused on data points that were
coming from our users and customers and
I mean like we look at data points at
scale we got hundreds of thousands of
support tickets we got like tens of
thousands of lines of feedback through
the product and of course we interview
our customers to learn more how they're
using the product and what they're
looking in the product so we do all of
those things and historically we're
iterating on that feedback a lot and we
did a lot of small builds along the
journey to make sure that our product
reflect what people are looking in the
company and also I think that it's
extremely important not just to build
the right product but to build the right
service around the product because
people really care not just how the
product works but actually how they
interact with it with the company when
they have a support ticket when they
need some help in terms of adoption and
anything that
might be of their interest you need to
serve that really well and from day one
we were really obsessed about support
making sure that everything that comes
our way is answered in a timely fashion
and also that we provide helpful tips in
our kind of ecosystem that we build
around the product we kind of invested a
lot in in product education we invested
a lot in the community and self-service
Community where people can help each
other answer questions and learn
different use cases so all of those
things help to scale the community
really Broad and make sure that yeah
that people love it at the end of the
day it's amazing how intentional you've
been you know Andre I think you know
Mira is one of the fastest growing
companies in the world at scale and but
Miro you know was founded in 2011
so like there's a Silicon Valley Legend
of Blitz scaling
um but uh but your model has been very
different so why did it take so long to
scale and uh you know how's that been an
advantage in terms of building a durable
business yeah a few people know that
actually we started in 2011 and the
first name of the company was real-time
boards uh so we launched real-time board
in 2012 and we renamed rebranded the
company into Mira in 2019. are there any
people in the room who used real-time
boards okay there are a few of people
here who know us from those days which
is cool so yeah we built a new b2c
product and uh now as I mentioned in
previous answer we were focused on data
points that were coming from our
community and we realized that a lot of
people use this product actually for
productivity goals so we did a small
pivot over the productivity and product
engineering design teams and we launched
the product
HTML version of the product actually in
2015 and started to build a self-service
motion
and then all all in 2018 when we were
around 5 million err we started to build
our go to market team we start to bring
sales marketing to our organization so
actually just like five years of
established team and established
companies that scale the product before
it was a lot of experimentation and
building as a sales adoption engine and
of course those things helped us a lot
to scale through recent years because we
nailed down the viral mechanics viral
loops and those viral mechanics and
viral Loops accelerated us significantly
in the last several years but just
before pandemic we were growing 3x year
over year which is pretty normal growth
but I think everybody here would agree
yeah of course the majority of people
learn about us in the last kind of three
years or so and in terms of that you
know insane hyper growth that you've
experienced more recently I think you
referred to Growing through the pandemic
like uh you know building a plane while
uh while flying yeah what did you mean
by that and what were the biggest
learnings of that hyper growth period
yeah we entered pandemic with 240 people
in a team and we were lacking uh senior
leadership in a lot of areas we were
like in middle management in a lot of
areas and through pandemic we fired more
than 50 heads of different parts of the
business which is pretty crazy I
remember like first year of pandemic I
was just like working I don't know like
14 hours a day like six seven days a
week just hiring hiring and hiring and
firing and building the team and it's
not only about bringing right people
it's also about onboarding them into the
company building processes that support
the scale of the organization well you
know making sure that everything you do
are the right best and actually
accelerate you and not slow down you a
lot of people may think that when you
scale the company every net new employee
and that new process can accelerate you
but in a lot of cases I actually slows
down on us so we need to be really
conscious about what what what what
really speeds up and where we kind of
slow down the organization so it's also
extremely important to make sure that
when we add this way to organization we
don't break some agile processes and we
don't break uh overall agility of the
organization so that's what I call like
building a plane while flying you want
to get to point B but you need to build
a plane while you are traveling to that
state the
um you know in in recent years I think
it's become very topical but like many
software companies have grown very
quickly selling to startups which in
many ways have been kind of Cutting Edge
you know customers but uh you know what
were the benefits of you building Miro
and kind of working with a broader and
sometimes more traditional customer
Universe versus only startups yeah we
historically
have customers from all different
Industries but what they can what I can
say is that the difference is actually
in type of users for coming to the
product so we for pandemic like almost
everyone in our user base was early
adopter so those people who had their
own need to kind of adopt the product
who were eager to find it who were kind
of you know who knew how to work with
the canvas based products because they
may come from other products with
canvases like Adobe or or sketch or
anything like that and
you know they were curious like this is
early adopters and then
during pandemic we start to see a lot of
this early majority type of users
who had some kind of need in our type of
product but we had to adopt it and to
figure out how to use it actually
and then recently when we started to
sell wall to wall to Enterprises with a
lot of knowledge workers who are
hesitant to actually adopt new
technology it's very different Dynamics
it's late majority where you need to
have all different uh
enablement to make those people be
successful with any product they adopt
so when we think about these three
cohorts we need to make sure that we
have right tools and right strategies to
make this cohort successful and when
it's the first cohort you just make the
product easy easy to explore on your own
when it's the second cohort you actually
need to bring in some enablement so
people can learn through knowledge base
through Learning Center like we
organized lunch and learn sessions with
our customers when we did it online or
came to the offices right before
pandemic and now when we have this late
majority when we can scale the product
to almost every knowledge breaker in big
thousands of people organizations we
actually need to drive this adoption
through more sophisticated customer
success plays
and this is very different Dynamics from
like early early adopters that we had
before but what is kind of universal to
all of those cohorts is that as more
simple your product is it's easier to
adopt it like if we look at the Western
class products who grew the fastest in
the world like Trello and slack and zoom
and Dropbox and convo like a mirror of
course like all of those products have a
similarity in how simple they are and
this is the foundation for a flywheel
that can be created if you do it right
thank you for uh for walking through
that you know I had another question
that's I think on the top of mind for a
lot of people here yeah which is like
2022 is is definitely a time for serious
volatility in terms of uh you know
markets and challenges facing a lot of
Founders and teams was there ever a
point in miro's Journey where
um you know you thought you weren't
gonna just like sustain or survive and
uh how did you manage through that yeah
I was pretty positive about the future
of the company and along the journey I
can't imagine at all like that one day I
can be on this stage speaking with you
having you as our board member but I
thought that we will survive and we can
be a 20 people company so that's what I
was positive about so I was building
from day one the company that can pay
salaries for 20 people so and then when
we start to grow I thought okay maybe
we'll get 1500 people or no it's 1500
people almost six of them 100 I think
we're growing as we're speaking so but
um in general like from day one I was
thinking about building a sustainable
company and me is profitable and Mira
was profitable from almost day one of
when we launched the product so like
what I can think of is like make sure
that you are not dependent on
externality and that's kind of really
important because I remember when
pandemic started we had several
discussions with disease and some of
them were trying to invest in the
company for quite quite some time when
pandemic started they all started to
think oh maybe we should wait we don't
know how all these things will evolve
and we will not dependent on those
decisions because we were profitable
before pandemic and yeah we were lucky
that you came regardless of the pandemic
and just double down on our growth and
accelerate the growth but in general
like I as as long as I remember myself
and the company
and any fundraise we had we were not
dependent on the decision of the
investors and this is where you can
really own your own destiny so I
recommend you to focus on customers to
make sure your customers see the value
in your product get to the product
Market feed in the initial segment that
you potentially can scale and go for
that segment so when we build the
company we build it for profit and
investors can accelerate that business
but they can't kind of be the only
source of that business so that's my
philosophy and that's how we survive
through all these times it's been a pure
approach and uh you know now nowadays
very very fashionable the
um you know talk about those early days
in that early team my understanding is
the launched mural with like a core team
of 10 people or so and all of them
remain with uh you know Miro today like
how did you uh you know build and retain
a team like that over the long term
yeah we one of our mirror values is
collaboration another is empathy and I
think that when we kind of uh when we
build relations with people we should be
guided by those values and this is what
we share inside the company and from
from very early days I personally
believe that those people who are
excited about what they're building why
they are in this company about the
mission they will be engaged and if we
treat them properly they will stay with
us for a long time of course we now kind
of scale the organization and we bring a
lot of new people outside but what we
care about is also like how we can
create opportunities for internal team
to grow with the company and play the
best game I call it that way and yeah
those 10 people who started like they
all with the company and they all
contribute to the company's success
another trick or a thing that I didn't
consider at the very beginning I thought
that the company maybe will be worth 50
million or 10 million so we gave some
good stock options so you know now the
company valuation is a little bit bigger
than that so people are also pretty
happy with the upside so the committed
to the success in the long term and
they're kind of doing their best to make
the company really successful and Thrive
through all times and also their culture
carriers so they kind of create this
culture they share stories they make
this glue of new employees who are
joining the company and kind of
navigating those people around different
parts of the organization especially in
the pandemic it's extremely hard to
onboard people we scaled from 240 to
like almost 1600 now and just all those
people never met each other they all
work through Zoom so those early
employees help you know new joiners on
board and that's another thing why we're
thankful to them but they also kind of
recognized in the company and a small
fun fact when we started
you know the company we start to
give every new employee a t-shirt with a
number so we thought about our first
t-shirt and there was mdp sign in front
you know MVP is the most valuable player
but it was also a fast t-shirt we
thought it's an MVP of t-shirt and on
the back like Jersey you had a sign so
all this early employees have the number
when they join the company number one
number five number ten number 50 and
they all wear this t-shirts and people
inside the company recognize these are
first guys who build it who contribute
to this it's also a lot of recognition
for those uh early trainers so there are
a lot of things why they stay in the
company but the one thing is like we
care about them I never knew that in
terms of the the Jersey that's amazing
you know now you built out
a world-class management team to
complement
um you know the the team that you
pertained all these years you know any
um any any secrets in terms of building
out that team how has your approach
changed from those uh those early days
as you thought about management yeah for
a long long time we were growing our
kind of internal talent and as I
mentioned only in 2018 we started to
bring external Executives to the company
and we had first two hires in 2018 also
sorry one hire was actually la like head
of sales he joined us in 2016 and then
but he had just two three people so it
was not like a scaled motion uh at that
time and then first uh CMO joined us in
2018 and when I started to hire uh
senior leadership Executives uh I
started to learn what's the best way to
do it because these people can actually
help you to go and
scale your organization go through hyper
growth I did it through my network
initial I was also looking through
engine list through Linkedin but then I
learned that the best way to build a
leadership team is to bring on board an
executive Search firm and when Excel
joined us with around a they actually
advised us to hire executive Search firm
and go and search for our first uh kind
of exact first like Executives went uh
to hire with together through these
professional firms I think it was like a
real success and since then every hire I
make I engage executive Search firm and
almost for every new hire we hire a
different executive Search firm because
we are trying to find the one that
specializes on specific area and who
have a strong tracker record than that
I think it's also important to do
extreme references on Executives when
you bring them in
for entrepreneurs.com David Scott has an
amazing article on how to do extreme
references on your Executives I'm a huge
fan every time I'm hiring an executive
I'm rereading the whole article to make
sure I do all the necessary steps just
an endorsement yeah and to validate uh
to validate the leader because your
company is so much dependent on that
person who is joining your company
because everyone else is reporting to
that person like this person is
accountable for the whole organization
for the culture it's critical for the
success and then uh you know it's just
it's important to make sure you take it
extremely seriously I personally do kind
of a lot of outreaches myself
simultaneously with executive Search I
do reference calls I do back channels
I do proper onboarding I like I invest a
lot of time and effort into brilliant
all people who know what awesome looks
like who did who did who did it before
who saw it before who did it in the Best
in Class companies but who have who have
beginners mindset because if you bring
Executives who just want to bring you a
Playbook from their previous workplace
it will not work out every company is to
a degree different and you need to see
if they have beginners mindset to make
sure they properly evaluate your company
and properly design the place that will
be most effective and efficient in this
type of company so this is also
extremely important to make sure that
those people have this beginner's
mindset when when they join your company
especially the early days because they
can Make It or Break It
I love that uh beginner's mindset
um
Andre
Europe you've got
I'll ask you you also have a lot of
experience with building this leadership
teams and bringing on board Executives
to the companies you invested in so I'm
curious to learn from you what you guys
see one of those best practices and to
build the leadership team and executive
team I think you talked about it like
this onboarding and enablement in terms
of setting them up for success is
something that people kind of
underappreciate a lot and we see the
very best Founders like really you know
engaging it's a long process to recruit
somebody great and then you know getting
them off to a successful start is a
massive massive investment and we've
seen you know people uh over over invest
in that function and see real success in
some other people kind of undervalue
that and and learn along the uh the
journey I think that the other thing
that I would share is like
even when you're not hiring for a role
um you know it's always great to just
cultivate your network and I know a lot
of people have talked about this but you
know I can't uh you know underscore this
enough just like being out there meeting
with people like learning what grade is
in terms of certain scale in terms of
you know cro or CFO or or anything else
and building out that network over time
because you know the very best most
critical hires are oftentimes like years
of relationship and uh and learning and
you know building a model of what grade
looks like can really help inform uh
those uh those strengths so those are
two things that I would uh yeah I can
Echo Network thing and uh Clinic team
was extremely helpful on bringing some
top candidates to to us in the last
couple of years and it's also super
helpful when you have strong investors
who introduce you to
um kind of two great candidates and
um Can can also help to you know
back Channel some of those candidates so
it's extremely important to have strong
networks and your investors are really
kind of instrumental to that you know it
was a little bit like we saw things
exploding and we're like wow you know we
talked about this and we're like if uh
we need to build in a lot of manager
structure that usually happened over
years in a very short period of time you
know with with Miro to uh to really
enable the success that's been uh been
driven it's just been incredible having
a bird's eye view and watching you build
out this uh this team
um you know
shifting a little bit you've got a hub
strategy in in Europe
and you've built in a bunch of different
locations like
what is your thought process around you
know M A and is that something that
you're you're open to and thinking about
in terms of the teams encounters yeah we
um we built our company as a distributed
company
across 12 different offices so we have
five offices in Europe who have four
offices in the U.S one of Saint Armenia
and a couple offices in Asia Pacific so
in uh talking Sydney and when we were
building those offices our vision was to
make every office on the company a
primary office so we want to have
Executives in every other location in
the world and to make sure that people
feel the kind of first class citizens
they kind of influence the company
strategy they influence the company
brand they influence the company uh kind
of culture and that's that's uh that's
extremely important and with people who
we hire like across all different
regions like we really hear the that
sentiment that it's extremely extremely
valuable to have that approach because
when the company is gravitating toward
like one one areas like somewhere in
Europe or somewhere in U.S everyone else
follows while when the company is
distributed at least the leadership is
distributed like it's more integrated
it's more inclusive and while while we
have this kind of spread across all
different regions we try to focus and
concentrate our product engineering in
Europe because we historically built it
out of Europe and we've built the kind
of biggest productivity collaboration
company out of Europe ever and today we
are thinking how to expand further in
Europe and how to bring more of uh kind
of this community power how to bring
more of the value of the customer value
to our product and we started to do M
A's and of course our core focus on M
A's is in Europe today
um because as I said like product
engineering is is here in all our mnas
are focused on on product and
engineering and we did a couple already
like we closed one last year we closed
one early this year we're going through
another couple right now so and the
ambition here is to build and to scale
uh kind of this biggest productivity
collaboration company out of Europe ever
yeah exciting
yeah and I know you guys also recently
scaled to Europe congrats with opening
London office thank you really happy to
have you closer to us and I'm curious
like why you guys moved here and what
you see in terms of European Venture
landscape like I know you invested in a
couple companies before Mira also that
are based out of Europe and now it seems
like it's time to double down so I'm
curious what what's your expectations
for Europe are we actually invested in
10 companies in in Europe in addition to
your mirror with LED investments in Miro
and onion and caliber data IQ intercom
Motorway primer a variety of others and
you know we just uh we love it it's like
super vibrant the quality of technical
Talent is literally just exploding
um you know it's unbelievable the
founders are are super humble and have
generally had to do a lot more with uh
with less which is just created amazing
durability in terms of the company so
just really impressive Capital
allocation and the companies you know
many of these companies have had like a
global mindset from day one because like
audien for example
um you know the market in terms of
digital payments in the Netherlands was
not uh you know the uh the end-all
be-all in terms of Market size so the
company had a global mindset from uh
from day one one that they borrowed from
a previous company but it just um it
really strengthens and hardens the
companies uh in ways that sometimes we
don't see in the U.S so that's been you
know exciting we opened an office in uh
in London and brought on Seth Pierpont
to uh to help lead that effort and moved
over a bunch of our team members because
culture is so critical to us including
ritika who's sitting here in the uh in
the audience and is uh a total rock star
and somebody that you will you know read
and hear about uh in Europe over time in
terms of partnering with uh with
Founders so we are very excited to be
here and uh to be closer to you cool
welcome to Europe thank you and you know
I think wanted to ask one last question
and then hopefully Drive some q a from
the audience you know I'd love to ask
what advice you'd give to you know other
Founders who are just now beginning
their Journeys like like you were in you
know 2011 uh and seeking investment like
what should they look for in a partner
so I think just the first focus is a
product like the value that you create
and if the value is there investors will
find you so I I got a chance it's like
the frictionless stuff yeah it's just
like my whole idea is to build things
that scale and that role on its own if
you build the right product the
customers will come if customers will
come investors will come if investors
will come like Executives will come like
all these things are super connected so
the only thing that like Eye Care and
like I believe like Best in Class uh
companies did is just building the right
product like building the right value
and making sure that this value is
distributed across your target audiences
like if you nail down that value if you
publish that value if it make it like
really viral you will have all the other
things inbound and of course like it
takes some time like to to build that
value and you need to have strategic
patience uh it will not happen overnight
you will iterate you will be but you
will change your audiences but the thing
is like if you have that strategic
patience if you believe that you can
change the way how people operate how
the market uh kind of uh operate you you
will find that uh product Market fees
and once you find product Market field
just
yeah your your investors and your
leaders will join you and scale the
company with you so be patient but also
be extremely focused on iteration around
the customers needs so that's that's
simple but a powerful thing to to focus
on a very powerful thing and you know
Echoes the way that you build the
product as well the we'd love to take
questions from the audience I don't know
if there are
folks I think there's a couple people
walking around
and congratulations on your success so
far phenomenal
um at the size that you are typically
then competition comes into play because
you get a lot of attention are you
afraid of competition no we're afraid
that we're will not be relevant for our
customers that's the only thing that
we're afraid of because if we are
relevant in terms of the product value
in terms of the service in terms of the
price
in terms of all of those things we
should we should continue growing scale
like we are the market leader today and
of course like there are more players
who want to get into this space and of
course they're trying to copy us or
bring some uh different angle to what
we're building but I think that like
this continuous product Market fees and
continuous you know uh like you know
pricing field is what I what I care
about because if you if you successful
with that
things will follow if you can fail
something then the rest doesn't matter
because the competition only can get
into our space like and over compete us
if we become less relevant for our
customers so and that's what we care is
like focus on on customers as much as
possible
but you are absolutely Riders everyone
who is trying to enter our space and of
course there is some usage that is uh
getting out but some other new customers
and expansions happening with us
[Music]
I'm a mirror user first of all uh I want
to ask you something about your early
days you said that you started almost 10
years ago probably more than 10 years
ago when remote work was not such a
thing as it now how did you find back
then your ideal customer what kind of
companies or users were your users back
then yeah it's a great question so a few
of you may know that but historically we
were building the product for non-remote
work and now with the pandemic a lot of
people start to associate us with the
remote work but actually more than 70
percent of our workflows were
asynchronous and now with the pandemic
hopefully over we see this trend getting
back and like we see more and more of
this workflows happen asynchronously
which is great because
um we we are a product that supports all
different workflows when you are at the
same time want to brainstorm on
something or when you need to do work in
different time zones through different
offices through different teams so at
the beginning we had this product
managers designers program managers
project managers Engineers who just need
to do visual collaboration and as I say
in the majority of cases it was
asynchronous and continue to be today
also a big part of our usage is
asynchronous so remote was just you know
a trend that happened in the last couple
years that was accelerated actually in
the last couple years because of
pandemic and we just positioned our
product to support the trend and get the
most juice out of it and now we can
position it for hybrid work which will
stay with us for I believe ages from now
so yeah it's also about your message
Market feed it's like at different
stages of the market development you
have different message that resonates
most and it's also very important to see
what resonates and what's the biggest
growth level in terms of this message
Market fit at a certain stage of the
company so if you look at Salesforce I
don't know like in a couple uh recent
years but historically they were
changing their message pretty frequently
at every Salesforce event they came up
with a new message with a new position
because you try to engage with the
audience from a different angle from a
different value perspective so which
makes a lot of sense so yeah just keep
in mind that and it's also super awful
on the scale of the company
hi my name is Megan Murphy from hotjar
and I have a question for both of you
can you share a recent example in which
you've lived up to your expectations on
displaying a beginner mindset
uh you want to start sorry
we've gone above our expectations no
like when you've lived up to your own
expectations recently of displaying a
beginner's mindset
yeah so
um from from my perspective you know the
uh the investment landscape and the
growth landscape has changed you know
quite a bit
uh in terms of you know 2020 and 2021 uh
it was you know extremely active and uh
and the market was uh was vibrant and
you know there were companies uh in our
portfolio they were raising Capital you
know every uh every six months uh in
some cases and uh and the world was
Awash with uh with capital the landscape
is has shifted quite a bit and you know
we've adapted our team is now you know
65 people and really adapted the way
that we've engaged with companies
supported our portfolio companies
invested more in terms of you know
different services in terms of
supporting them and so that's been a
very meaningful shift and uh you know it
was a very different motion than we had
taken in the past so uh for me it's felt
like a beginner's mindset in starting
many of our practices in new and kind of
uh rebuilding them from scratch yeah for
me it's just uh very recently we are
kind of now in this exit pandemic mode
and also uh you know the markets are
changing the demand might be changing
and we are looking from scratch at like
how our customers think about us how
they consume us what they expect in the
future so I think that company
now entering absolutely new phase and I
need to re-evaluate all assumptions we
have around every aspect of the company
in terms of like head count in terms of
value that we are offering in terms of
messaging in terms of pricing in terms
of way with servicing customers like all
of those things I'm re-evaluating from
scratch right now because I believe that
at this stage we need to think very
differently to how we thought about that
a year ago when we was we were at the
peak of pandemic two years ago when we
entered pandemic and three years ago
when we were kind of for me it was
business as usual for several years so
now it's absolutely new phase and I'm
kind of rebuilding my data set to make
sure that we are designing the company
for success for being generational in
the next several years
hi
hi my name is Jaya
um
he's looking elsewhere
um my question is you said don't be VC
dependent or investors dependent right
especially if someone wants to scale not
everyone is an unfortunate place like
mirror was so how do we become
non-dependent on business and investors
mirror is successful in a certain way
but as I said like every round we raised
since serious seed we were profitable so
just focus on Revenue focus on customers
focus on building value your customers
would pay for uh bring people
kind of at the beginning of the company
who will be more excited about Equity
rather than a high cash salary to make
sure that they have on one hand enough
motivational skill in the game but on
the other hand you don't burn cash
on super expensive people try to be lean
as much as possible I know like it's all
General things like well no but
we we are trying to ask ourselves even
now is like what is nice to have and
what is critical to have and if we see
things that are critical to have nice to
have we're just cutting them down like
as much as possible because even with
our existing scale I want us to be
extremely lean and extremely down to
earth in terms of how we spend what we
spend on what we spend
um I I can tell you I like uh we are
almost 1600 people I review every job
offer that comes out in the company and
it's like and I'm extremely focused on
making sure that in the first place the
job description is in the right place
and then the job offer is coming out to
the right people and of course we
sometimes do mistakes or
um or kind of do things that we can do
differently but at the same time it's
extremely important to be heads down and
see what's going on in your organization
to make sure you make even more style of
every step you do
some can argue that it's not scalable
but I spend maybe five minutes total on
this exercise a day but when you hire
five ten people a day it's like a
million dollars a day this is pretty
valuable to take a look what's going on
there
xenos great talks thank you very much
for the very insightful information you
talk about value of your product which
is obviously something that all of us
are obsessed with how do you measure it
is my question we found it to be one of
the hardest things to like quantify when
it comes down to what value you give
your customers yeah we have different
measures we have Northstar magic it's a
value metric as how much we seek
collaboration with our product because
our product is focused on collaboration
and value metric is built around that we
measure of course like some
uh it's not vanity metrics but like it's
uh scale metrics like we Collective
usage
um which shows like the breadth of usage
we measure depth of usage of individual
usage we call it engaged users and we
have certain measures behind that
um of course we kind of measure
ratios between our usage and prices per
se sorry price per seed so we call it
like engaged user per like seat ratio
so we try to measure all of those things
and see how the trends evolve to make
sure that we are not missing out some
major external or internal things that
happens but in general we have pretty
big and strong like analytics team both
on go to market and product and yeah
measures for almost everything we do
like we have strong dating form culture
um and it's pretty important to build it
from day one because you can't improve
it if you are not measuring that and
for sure like to to set up like
ambitious goals to grow some numbers you
just need to have baselines and
understand uh the root causes for those
baselines
I mean we can we can go into a deeper
discussion because I believe every
product has
um kind of it's specific type of
measures but I'm a big big believer in a
billion strong data in foreign
foundations in the company
foreign
[Music]